All right, everybody.
Load and make ready.
(clicking)
Chamber 3 round.
This scenario is called
"Shoot, Don't Shoot."
If your target looks like a bad guy, shoot it.
If it does not... Peck?
- Don't shoot!
- That is right.
- Are we ready?
- (rookies) Yes, sir!
All right, let's make some good decisions.
The range is hot!
(Tegan and Sara)
J‘ No, I'm not ready J‘
J‘ For a big, bad step in their direction J‘
J‘ For downtown trash and void collection .l‘
(Oliver) Prove safe! Benches down.
.l‘ Cityscapes, cities change before they die .l‘
.l‘ Four blocks I should mention .l‘
Let's take a look here. Nice shoot--
under controlled circumstances, that is.
But we all know that out there in real life,
things are never controlled.
They are unpredictable, wild.
So holster your guns.
Come on. Put 'em away!
- Now drop and give me 15.
- What?!
You have 15 seconds. Do it!
.l‘ Get off and over it and over them J‘
.l‘ Uh-oh, hell, no, uh-oh, hell, no .l‘
(Dov) He's just trying to mess us up!
Epstein, shut it.
Okay, everybody up! Load your clips.
(clicking)
Faster! Benches up!
(shell casings clattering)
J‘ No, we're not ready for fair distribution .l‘
(Oliver) Prove safe!
All right.
Epstein, you shot a man
carrying a cell phone.
Probably he's going to sue.
You're gonna be working for him
for the rest of your life.
Peck, Diaz, not bad.
Also not good.
(sighs)
Toughie Nash, you didn't shoot at all.
I thought it was the mother.
(Oliver) Oh, is it?
- (Traci) No.
- No, what is it?
It's a bad guy.
- What are you?
- I'm dead.
Nice. McNaIly, you got your bad guy.
Congratulations.
But not before you shot him up
like a piece of Swiss cheese.
What does this mean, sir?
I mean, do we fail our recertification?
Well, what this means is,
um, you're all still rookies.
- (laughs)
- .l‘ Up and over it J‘
J‘ And over them .l‘
J‘ I know you feel it, too .l‘
.l‘ It all seems so untrue .l‘
.l‘ When you get up and over it
and over them .l‘
.l‘ Uh-oh, hell, no, uh-oh, hell, no .l‘
(sighs) | feel like my whole life
- is like that shooting range.
- Collateral damage?
Yeah, except half the time
I don't even know what my target is.
Why can't my life be like, um...
what did Oliver call it?
Controlled situation.
Controlled circumstance.
And, Dov, your circumstances with Edie
were anything but controlled last night.
Oh, please, please, please--
a little roommate respect here,
- thank you very much.
- Thin walls?
We gotta nail up some egg cartons
or something.
Aw, Dov. Dating a stripper.
You're such a cop cliché.
Uh, don't you mean cop fantasy?
Because,uh,
most men would kill
to be in my position.
Or should I say positions?
- Pfft.
- Couldn't do it, man--
I mean, date a stripper.
- Don't you ever feel weird?
- No.
Hey, how are things going
with you and Jerry?
Ah, confusing.
Baby, boyfriend, the job--
might as well throw 'em all in a blender.
Look, could we not talk about this?
I mean, some of us are newly single.
Would you grow a pair?
You know what, Gail?
This whole thing with your brother
isn't my fault,
and we have to work together, so...
so can't you be nice to me?
That's the pair you grew? Wow.
Whoo! Bravo.
(Gail) Why am | the only one
who's ever on time for parade?
Because your dad flies you in
on "Peck Force One" every morning.
(laughs) Are you coming?
Yeah, I'll meet you in there.
Callaghan, how's it goin'?
Never better. I hear you got
a big day ahead of you.
I guess. Wasn't my call.
Things just happen to you,
don't they, Sammy?
Tell me. (clears throat)
You ever take responsibility
for anything?
You take care, buddy. (chuckles)
You need something?
No, just--
I got a lotto do,
unless this is work-related.
W-We haven't even talked
since you left, so I thought--
I don't have time.
Okay.
Maybe later then.
Hey.
Have a good trip.
(indistinct conversations)
(man laughs)
Hey, McNaIly--
(door closes)
(Frank) Okay, listen up!
I'm looking for a word--
a word to describe
the rookie recertification this morning.
It's a 6-letter word.
Anyone, could you help me?
Anyone?
Fiasco.
That's the word.
Fi-as-co.
(marker clatters)
You get to carry a gun,
but you gotta know
how to use it and prove it.
It's been five months since the academy,
and you neophytes still can't improvise.
(whispers) Neo-what?
McNaIly, you were the only rookie
to be recertified...
barely,
and as a reward,
I'm sending you to Sudbury.
- What, sir?
- Sudbury.
To transport a prisoner.
By myself?
No.
Swarek, uh, brief your rookie.
End of shift, the rest of you have a date
with the firing range. That's all.
Serve, protect
and keep your eye on the target.
Please!
You can't do it.
You can't go on a holi-date with Swarek,
not after what happened.
l have to.
Traci, he's my TO, okay?
Look, it's not a holi-date.
It's an assignment.
Well, just get Frank to reassign you.
Oh, yeah, I'm just gonna talk
to my staff sergeant
about my man problems.
- Mm. Yeah, okay. You're right.
- I'm just gonna ignore him.
That's gonna work.
Listen, listen, listen.
Why don't you just pretend
that it never happened?
- Pretend to be his friend.
- Oh, friend. Yeah.
(whispers) I can't be friends
with Sam Swarek right now.
Um... okay. Just--
Listen, you can do this, all right?
Just forget the past
and act like this thing with Swarek
neverhappened.
You can do it.
Great idea, Traci. Thank you.
(whispers) Yeah.
Noelle, 15's finest...
No.
Take McNally up to Sudbury for me.
Hell, no.
Please. I'll do your papenNork.
Please. Plea...
(laughs) Oh, you are
working the dimples.
Wow. You must really want this.
- I do.
- (laughs)
I hate prisoner transports.
Mm-mm. No.
You're stuck in a car all day
with a jailbird,
and then you gotta buy 'em a hot dog
just to shut 'em up.
Williams, please,
just do me this solid, please.
I don't know what's going on
with you and this rookie,
but whatever it is, work it out.
You look like hell. What's up?
(lowered voice)
I can't find my notes.
- What?
- The basement double murder,
the witness Swarek and McNally
are picking up in Sudbury--
- that case, my case.
- Uh-huh. Yeah.
l have to testify first thing
in the morning.
I can't find my notes.
What do you mean,
that you can't find them?
(normal voice)
My notebook from that day.
|--| don't know.
|--| must've misplaced it.
Well, sometimes you just
have to double-check--
- No, no. I checked.
I've been doing nothing but checking
the last 24 hours.
I turned my office upside down.
Still, there's nothing. It's not--
- It's not there. It's just...
- Oh, God.
Oh, Jerry, losing your notes
is almost as bad as losing your gun.
Yeah, I know, Traci.
It was during the time
of my divorce, and |--
Okay, what about
the prosecutor's office?
I mean, don't they keep a dummy sheet,
a copy of the notes?
Oh, yeah, that's a good idea.
I'm gonna call the prosecutor's office.
I'm gonna admit
that I totally screwed up,
and I'm gonna look incompetent
on the stand,
and then I'm gonna watch
as the murderer goes free.
Why don't I do that?
- Ohh, I don't feel good.
- Oh.
All right. Okay. All right, all right.
Yeah, ljust gotta drop
these files off, and I'm--
Did you bring the... thing?
You look like hell. What's up?
Wh--
(Sam) I knew a guy
that used to do this impression.
He could do it like he was hanging,
like, uh, his neck was broken,
you know? Like this. (laughs)
(laughs)
Officer Swarek.
McNaIly, ready to go?
- Uh, yeah, about that--
- See ya.
- ljust--
- Yeah, is there a problem?
- No.
- Good.
- Well, yeah, actually.
- Yeah?
Yeah, because I think we really need
to lay some ground rules.
I drive. You shut up. Sound good?
Look, I know the manual doesn't really cover
whatever our situation is,
but I do think that
if we just act polite, okay--
not fake polite, real polite--
and we act as friends
and--and share the driving,
then this will go just fine.
What are you saying?
You want to be my friend?
(siren wailing)
Okay. I'll pretend you're Traci.
You pretend I'm Oliver.
Okay. Get in.
I'm driving...
friend.
(Sam sighs)
(engine starts)
So... Sudbury--the big nickel.
I mean, that's what
the town's known for, right?
A big nickel shaped like a... big--
Nickel. Yeah.
Giant chump change.
We're going to pick up a prisoner
named Ray Donald Swann--
small-time drug dealer,
witnessed a double murder.
We're bringing him in to testify.
So what, five hours there,
five hours back?
Not the way I drive.
(tires peal)
So this prisoner that we're
picking up at Sudbury Jail...
Ray Donald Swann.
Yeah, what's his story?
Found in a basement apartment
with a half kilo of coke
and two dead dealers.
Dealers were shot in the face.
Must've ripped somebody off big time.
Swann was there partying--
a no-no, 'cause he's on parole.
Swann was a bystander,
lucky to be alive.
Oh, so we'rejust bringing him back
to testify against the shooter.
He was the only eyewitness,
cut a deal.
He's getting a year off his sentence.
Oh, pfft.
You know, I hate plea deals.
Happens all the time.
I know, but, you know,
itjust doesn't make it right.
Just part of the dirtbag food chain.
What about Anton Hill?
All that work that you put in
undercover, you know,
you'd be pissed if he got flipped
for a lighter sentence.
I never actually got Hill, remember?
So not really relevant.
- Yeah, but, you know--
- Try not to overthink it.
(scoffs) You compartmentalize
a lot, don't you?
We're friends,
so I'm gonna let that slide.
So this prisoner, Swann--
is he dangerous?
If he was, do you think
they'd be sending you with me?
- You know what?
- What?
I'm gonna let that slide.
- Are we done talking?
- Yes.
Good.
- (Dov) What's wrong with you?
- Huh?
You break Chris's heart.
You won't talk to him.
You know he's fragile.
What do you care?
Who are you?
(slurps loudly)
Is it supposed to be
a full moon tonight or what?
Why? Is it crazy out there?
No, no, no, honey.
Crazy does not begin to describe it.
You're not gonna believe
what I just brought in.
- Well, try me.
- All right.
Got this call to a house on Brock.
8-year-old boy is kicking a soccer ball
around his backyard,
finds a male, fully naked...
- Oh.
- sleeping in the geraniums.
He runs inside.
His mom calls it in, hysterical.
Right. Welcome to the neighborhood.
- Mm.
- Yeah, guy's wasted, right?
Mm-mm. No, no, no.
See, this is the full-moon part.
I shake him. He comes to.
He's lucid, but he says
he can't remember his name.
He have ID?
- Nada.
A filthy, naked John Doe.
That sounds like a job for...
- (singsongy) Peck, Epstein!
- Peck-stein!
I kinda like the sound of that, actually.
Uh, rookies, find our John Doe some clothes.
Little Miss Put-upon.
- What is going on over there?
- Wow.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hey. Hi.
| feel so naked without my gun.
- (chuckles) Yeah.
- Yeah.
So--So what are you guys up to?
Baby-sitting a John Doe for Noelle.
Yeah, he says he's got amnesia.
It's very soap opera.
- Oh.
- Where are you guys headed?
Uh, interview room.
Sounds interesting.
(laughs) It's not.
Yeah, most--most definitely not...
- Yeah
- ...interesting.
- So see ya.
- (Chris) See ya.
Okay, so we gathered up
all the information
that might pertain
to the double murder.
We'll go through
all the witness statements,
- all the evidence.
- Yeah, we'll help you remember.
l have to testify
in less than 24 hours,
and it isn't just about the facts.
I gotta bring them into the room--
you know, the way the bodies
were laid out in relation to the door,
how many windows there were,
how the room smelled,
how the light came--
You gotta testify about
the way the room smelled?
Yeah, sure, if asked.
There is a killer on trial,
and if I look at all unsure about
what happened, he might walk.
Okay, well, let's--
let's put it all together.
Just--You put us in the room.
- Yeah, we'll do whatever it takes.
- Okay, great.
- Take this. Go through that.
- Sure.
- All right.
- You take that. You go through that.
- Okay.
Hey, what kind of music do you like
listening to when you drive?
Nothing. I like to be alone
with my thoughts.
Hmm. What thoughts?
My own private thoughts.
Okay, like, what's one of them?
Are you allergic to silence?
(laughs)
What are you talking about?
l'm silent all the time.
Good.
I know what you're doing, okay.
Who can stay quiet the longest?
(sighs loudly)
Come on. What kind of music
do you like listening to?
Rush. I'm a big Rush fan.
Who?
Yeah, I like The Who.
Classic rock, you know.
All right, scan around.
Find me some Free.
Free?
(static)
(radio frequencies tuning)
Give me that.
Oh. I...
Okay.
- Wh-Whoa! Okay.
- Mr. Doe...
uh,anyluck,
uh, remembering that name?
No, sir. Nothing.
Uh, how about an address?
Wish I could help ya.
Date of birth?
Okay, we're--we're obliged to contact
Mapleview Mental Health,
so, I mean,
maybe they can help you out.
Wh-What's he doing?
I try not to ask.
Officer Epstein?
Don't worry, Mr. Doe.
We're gonna figure out who you are.
Follow me, buddy. Let's roll.
You hungry?
Yes, definitely.
- Care where?
- No, no. I'm easy.
Diner, it is.
(indistinct conversations)
Okay, this is really awkward.
Are we not gonna talk at all?
You wanna talk?
Yeah.
All right. Let's talk
about the job we're on.
There's some basic rules
for picking up a prisoner.
- All right.
- (clears throat)
Don't get too cozy with 'em,
always assume the body is dangerous,
and treat him the same as he treats you.
Great.
Well, I mean, at least
the drive is pretty--
the leaves and--
and the colors of the...
- leaves and stuff.
- You know,
you're the one
who's making this awkward.
I'm doing everything I can
just to make this feel
even a little bit normal.
(silverware clatters)
You know what? You're stubborn.
Forget it. I give up. I quit.
It's not like it can get
more awkward anyway.
Miss! Miss.
Problem here, officer?
There's a problem with my BLT.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I think you better call a ham-bulance.
Can I get you anything else?
Well, my partner here was wondering
if you have any hen-ways on the menu?
What's a hen-way?
About 3 pounds.
(laughs)
I'm sorry.
You're such an idiot.
But still feeling awkward?
I gotta say,
I did not expect ham-bulance
from someone like you.
Someone like me?
Yeah. You're just so serious
all the time.
See? I hate that.
What?
"Why is Sam always so serious?"
I been getting that my whole life.
When I was in third grade,
I went out and bought
the biggestjoke book on Earth.
(laughs) Yeah,
obviously memorized it.
All 101 jokes.
(laughs)
Couldn't even
make my own sister laugh.
You got a sister?
Yeah, Sarah.
She lives in St. Catherine's.
Oh.
Well, it was a long time ago,
so maybe you just need
a newjoke book.
(dog barking in distance)
(Sam sighs)
(Andy) I've never done this before--
transport a prisoner.
I've never been friends
with a woman before.
(laughs) Well, they sent me,
so how bad can it be?
Let's go find out.
You know, for a guy with his sheet,
he's not too bad.
Polite, at least.
Good to know. Thanks, brother.
Yeah, no problem, man. Good luck.
Mr. Swann, l'm Officer McNally.
- Hey.
- This is Officer Swarek.
We're gonna be escorting you
to the prosecutor's office.
Turn around.
Friends call me Ray.
We're not your friends.
(Ray) Not yet.
See ya, Ray.
(Ray) See you later.
Hey, thanks a lot for letting me
have the cuffs up front.
'Preciate that.
Yeah, no problem.
It's a long ride.
No, no, really.
It was a nice thing to do.
So, uh, how long
have you been a cop there,
Officer Mc... What?
- What was it?
- McNally.
- Oh, yeah.
- Um, uh, not too long.
- You like it?
- Yeah, some days.
I guess it's like anyjob, huh?
- Yeah.
- Got its ups and downs.
Yeah? What do you know
about having a job?
Oh, hey, man,
before I got picked up,
l was apprenticing
for a tool and die maker.
l was trying
to put the past behind me.
Guess you could say
we're both newbies.
That's enough talking, McNally.
Huh? Oh. (whispers) Sorry.
Didn't mean to get you in trouble there.
Not allowed to talk.
(normal voice)
That's the way you roll, right, chief?
Strong, silent type. I can tell.
Like to build up a mystique,
keep those ladies thinking
there's a lot more going on
behind those smoldering eyes
than there really is, huh?
(laughs) How am I doing,
Officer McNally?
Right on the money, I bet.
No offense, man, but, you know,
th-there are other ways
to deal with people.
I don't mean to be a jerk.
It's just that, you know,
every moment offers you
the opportunity to find out
something new about yourself.
The Buddhists, you know,
they call it a "beginner's mind."
Ah, see? I see that skeptical
look there, John Wayne.
But a beginner,
they see all possibilities.
An expert--few.
You should be proud and happy
that you're a beginner.
Why don't we all begin to shut up?
Ray Swann was in the corner in cuffs.
We had two bodies on the ground,
multiple gunshot wounds.
There was cocaine on the table.
Oh, no. Hold on. No, it wasn't--
lt--Where--Uh...
it--it was on the dresser.
-And then...
- Um...
What?
Come on.
Whoa. Oh, sorry, Bud.
Uh, I'm using this room.
Thanks, man.
Come on.
Okay. Uh...
I came in.
Okay.
Followed by Detective Callaghan.
Okay, so...
it's a basement apartment,
so should I duck?
Sure. Whatever.
That'd be great.
(imitating Luke) Jerry.
(imitating Jerry)
Luke, hey, brother.
This looks like a double homicide.
Double trouble.
- Okay, stop. Uh...
- Yeah.
I wouldn't say something like that.
(normal voice)
You totally would.
But I didn't.
What did you say?
You know what?
This isn't, uh, gonna work for me.
Am I not convincing enough?
- Jerry, what are we missing?
- I thought I was--
I don't know! That's the point.
Fine. Okay.
I'm just gonna go through
all the evidence again,
and I'll be in the squad room,
trying to help you.
(door opens)
So should I take it from the top?
(door closes)
No.
Oh.
I don't see any photo ID
or fingerprint matches.
No missing person reports.
How can someone just not exist
like this? It's insane.
Yeah. Whatever.
Oh, excuse me.
Don't let my real police work
get in the way with, uh,
whatever it is you're doing.
You know, I'm actually doing my work.
l'm filling out papenNork,
and I'm admitting this guy to Mapleview,
and in two hours, he's their problem.
Roger that. I'm gonna see
if I can get any hits on the description.
Would you say
his eyes are brown or hazel?
Dov, this is an EDP call.
I mean, if he is faking it,
he's pathological.
If he actually has amnesia,
that's a mental health issue.
It's not our problem.
How can you not be excited about this?
I mean, this is a mystery.
We're cops. We solve mysteries.
No, we don't. We serve, protect
and hopefully get our frickin' guns back.
Just trying to seize the day here.
Unlike you, if I want to make detective,
I'm gonna have to actually work for a living.
Why do men always wait
until the last minute
- to fill up with gas?
- It wasn't the last minute.
Yeah, it was empty.
We would've been running on fumes
the rest of the way home.
Needle on empty means a quarter tank.
No one asked you.
Empty means empty.
You know, it's a good thing
we're friends,
because this would be a major bone
of contention between us.
You guys aren't friends.
Yeah, we are.
Ah, come on. Look,
you got nothing in common.
Then there's the power dynamic, right?
I mean, you gotta
boss her around all the time.
You're running around,
trying to please him at every turn.
(laughs) No, I'm not.
Ah, he's got a lot of expectations.
You kinda feel like you
owe him something, don't ya?
Well, let me tell ya.
Friends, they don't owe.
They do 'cause they want to do.
lfl buy you a hot dog,
will you shut up?
Put mustard on it? Please?
Hejust likes silence.
Hey, how long you guys
been sleeping together?
What? No, we're not.
No, we're friends.
ljust...
I'm gonna pay for the gas.
Why didn't you just go
at the gas station?
Because the men's room is out of order.
Okay, so then go in the women's.
Yeah, nothing looks better
than a uniformed cop
skulking out of the ladies' room.
All right. I'll be back in two minutes.
Don't talk to the prisoner.
Don't get out of the car.
Don't do anything. All right?
(grunting)
(gulping and gasping)
(voice straining) Was there
peanut oil in the hot dog?
- Why, are you allergic?
- Okay, there's an epi
in the medikit. Just hold on.
(gasping)
I screwed up.
Yeah, you lost the prisoner!
Okay, we gotta get him back now!
I didn't think
he would try anything like that.
Yeah, clearly! You know,
you've been talking to him all morning
like he's your best friend!
Since we got in that car,
you've been more interested
in making friends
than getting this job done right!
Look, you told me to treat him
like he treats me. I did.
This isn't a tea party
with your friggin' dolls, McNally!
And you don't open the door
when the prisoner's feet are facing you.
That, you should know!
You overthink every little thing,
but when something matters,
you don't think at all.
Well, we've got to call for backup.
Yeah, and tell 'em what?
We lost the prisoner
'cause he was choking on a hot dog?
Besides, it'll take two hours
before they get here.
It'll be dark. He'll be gone.
Hey, I'm sorry.
If we don't get this guy back
before nightfall, we're screwed.
Well, then let's go.
(birds chirping and warbling)
Maybe you should just come clean,
you know, tell the prosecutor
you lost your notes or--
Or not.
So? I mean,
don't you remember seeing it?
When would I have seen it?
Um, maybe last weekend.
Are you blaming this on the fact
that Leo and I stayed at your place?
I don't know.
Is it a coincidence
that the first time
you guys stay over,
your son draws on my freshly
painted living room walls,
and my notebook goes missing?
Jerry, I don't think that's the reason
your notes are missing.
I mean, friggin' Leo
might be using my notes
as a coloring book as we speak.
Excuse me! "Friggin' Leo"?
I could just go.
Oh, come on, Traci.
You gotta admit
the kid doesn't exactly
pick up after himself, right?
He's 6.
Okay, he's 6.
(sighs deeply)
You know, it'sjust
when we were married,
my wife took care
of these things and...
(door closes)
I think | might've played that one
a little differently.
You know what, Diaz? You're right.
Oh.
I'm gonna call the prosecutor.
(birds chirping and warbling)
He went that way.
No, don't touch that!
It's poison oak.
Wow, haven't spent much time
in the country, have you?
I don't own a fishing cabin,
if that's what you mean.
I'm a city boy, McNally.
I can fix your car
blindfolded and cuffed.
Would you care to participate
in this little manhunt?
(sighs)
(sighs) Wait, wait, wait.
W-Wait a second.
What?
Ugh.
Are those Swann's handcuffs?
(click) No, McNally.
They fell off a freakin' beaver.
Call the ham-bulance. (sighs)
We're wandering around in the forest
like a couple of morons.
This is--This is a nightmare.
(Andy) It's getting dark.
We've got an hour left
of decent daylight.
(panting) Sam,
what if we don't find him?
- We'll find him.
- What if we don't?
I don't know.
You'll get thrown under a bus.
I'll get thrown behind a desk.
(branch creaks)
- (mouths words)
- (lowered voice) What was that?
- (grunts)
- Oh!
Sorry, sorry!
(whispers) Sorry. Let's...
Yeah.
(panting)
Okay, home. Now don't think.
What's the first thing
that pops into your head?
- Family.
- Family? That's great.
Uh, what does this family look like?
Don't--Don't think.
Uh, there's a man and a woman
and, uh, some children,
maybe a dog,
and they love each other--
Okay, I told you he was faking it.
That-
Mr. Doe, that's not a real family.
We'll try again.
Uh, occupation. Don't think.
-Job.
Can you be more specific?
Can you give me your hands?
I'm not gonna bite it.
Yeah, they're rough.
He uses these.
All right. Blue-collar guy
with a nice family, huh?
- Sounds pretty good to me.
- Yeah.
- Sign me up.
- Oh, more good news.
I ran your prints,
and from what we can tell,
you don't have a criminal record.
- Really?
- Does that surprise you?
Well, you gotta wonder about a guy
who winds up naked in a flower bed.
Okay, Mr. Doe,
I have finished your papenNork,
so you can go with the people
from Mapleview now.
Whoa. Whoa. Excuse me.
What are you doing?
We're not done here yet.
We still have more word association
exercises to do.
I really appreciate your efforts, officer,
but |--| don't think--
I don't think we're gonna get there.
Okay. Um...
l'll, uh... I'll keep running
identity searches, and, uh--
but don't think
I'm gonna forget about you.
But if I do figure out who I am,
I hope I'm as good a guy as you are.
But, hey, maybe that's why
nobody's filed
any missing persons report.
Maybe nobody wants to find me.
I could be a real jerk, right?
Might be a blessing
not being whoever l was, right?
Wow. You take such detailed notes.
You have to.
You know, the first time | testified...
(grunts)
I got in the box,
and right as I started talking,
I realized that | forgot to put
the accused's name in my notes.
- No way.
- Yeah. I couldn't lie about it, either.
Your notes are your notes.
You don't get to rewrite history.
Uh...
- Detective Barber?
- Hmm?
The guy you arrested for the murders--
his prints were on the gun, right?
Yeah. Otherwise,
we wouldn't have made the case.
Well, it's just that...
the numbers on these ldent forms
are different.
What?
(papers rustle)
Here at the top corner, uh,
these catalogue numbers
should match, right?
Because they're copies.
But the last two numbers are different.
Yeah, you're right.
ldent mislabeled it.
Oh, no.
What?
Ray Swann had a weapon,
but he didn't fire it.
The ldent report
should've had Ray Swann's prints
on the murder weapon.
The--The witness is the shooter?
He's our killer.
Come on, Sammy, pick up.
(birds chirping and warbling)
(branch creaks)
That's gotta be him.
He's trying to wait us out.
(sighs) Once it gets dark,
he's home free.
We gotta flush him out.
What do you want me to do?
What you do best, McNally.
Okay.
Wait. Uh, what is that, exactly?
Talk.
Your mouth is your best weapon.
Good coppers should be able
to talk themselves
out of 98% of all confrontations.
What about the other 2%?
That's what I'm here for.
Hey, Ray!
I know you can hear me!
You know you don't have a chance
of getting out of these woods, right?
I mean, K9 and SWAT
are already on their way!
You have a plea deal.
Okay, the second they get here,
that's gone.
You're going back to jail.
So let's just call them off,
Ray, seriously.
Come out now!
We'll just forget this whole thing!
(panting)
Sam!
(footsteps rapidly approach)
Unh!
No. (gasps)
Where's your partner?
(panting)
Where are those dogs?
Shh, shh, shh. Shh.
(muffled grunts)
I'm just gonna squeeze, squeeze,
and you're gonna pass out.
- (whimpering)
- (whispers) It's okay.
Shh. It's okay.
And then I'm gonna get your gun,
and you're not.
(muffled cries)
(grunting)
(gasping loudly)
(groans)
Aw, man. Ohh! Okay, okay.
Okay, okay. Aah. My shoulder.
(panting)
You okay?
Right as rain. How you doing?
You're breaking my shoulder, man.
You're breaking my heart, buddy.
(groaning) Come on!
I want a lawyer.
Yeah, we'll get right on that.
(handcuffs clicking)
Oh, man, your knee!
Okay, so Frank's letting us do
the recert end of shift,
so chunk up, little man.
Come on, are you still weepy
about Mr. Nobody?
Wow. You really are that cold.
Oh, right, and you're the bighearted
ambassador of goodwill, aren't you?
You're such a hypocrite.
Hypocrite?
Yeah.
A stranger walks in off the street.
| work my butt off to be a nice guy
and try to figure out who he is.
But not something
I'd expect you to understand.
Get what?
No, what, that it might be nice
to have a different past
so nobody could hold it against you?
So maybe your so-called friends
could see you as a fellow cop
and not some white shirt
waiting to happen?
(voice breaks) Yeah, Dov,
I really can't imagine that.
(Andy inhales sharply)
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
I cannot wait to get back to civilization.
You haven't done a lot of camping, huh?
What, you mean like with a tent?
Yeah. My dad used to take me
every summer.
Told you,
I'm more of a city boy.
In the summers, my sister and |
used to go to day camp--
Parks and Rec.
Did try to go to the beach this one time.
We were on a bus
about a half an hour out of town, and...
Sarah kind of freaked out.
What, was she afraid of the water?
She was afraid of, uh, everything.
When she was 13, Sarah was
attacked by this group of guys.
Yeah, pretty messed up by it.
l was only 9 at the time.
I didn't really get it, you know.
Tried everything to cheer her up.
Hence, the joke book.
Yeah.
Nothing really worked.
You were 9 years old.
I'm sure you did everything you could.
She didn't, uh, need cheering up,
just needed someone to protect her.
So you became a cop.
Your leg's good to go.
You want to try
putting some weight on it?
Yeah.
It's great. Thank you.
I'm really sorry
for freaking out on you.
Hmm.
Look”.
whatever happened...
between us...
Uh...
you know, Luke's a good guy.
He's reliable, solid.
He is.
Yep. And a hell of a detective.
Doesn't impose, doesn'tjudge,
just looks at the facts.
Which is probably
what he's doing right now.
Just give him some time.
Yeah.
Good to go?
Yeah, as long as you drive.
(siren wailing in distance)
Detective Barber,
this is Ray Donald Swann.
(shackles clinking)
He's a snake in the grass,
and he's, uh, all yours.
Hello, Raymond.
You're under arrest for the murder
of Mark Daniels and Carl Damaso.
Let's go.
(door buzzes, beeps)
(sighs deeply)
See you around, pal.
See you around, buddy.
(chuckles)
(door buzzes, beeps)
Have a good trip?
You know what? You're an idiot.
Excuse me?
Nothing happened with McNally
that night.
I tried. She shot me down.
She's crazy about you.
Don't screw it up.
(door closes)
(indistinct conversations,
telephone ringing)
| see you swallowed your pride,
called the prosecutor.
Yeah.
Yeah, but now that we got
another potential shooter,
it changes everything.
I'm gonna be up all night.
I don't even know what
my testimony's gonna be yet.
Jerry, I'm not your wife.
What am | to you?
(lowered voice) Traci,
l-l really can't talk
about this right now.
I need to talk about it.
The ink on my divorce
isn't even dry yet.
Okay, this--this...
this is all new to me.
Okay, well, you know what?
I'm gonna go shoot.
Okay.
We're due at the firing range.
I'll meet you there.
- Look, I'm trying to--
- Skip it.
I'm sorry.
lf--|f we've--lf l've...
- It's fine.
- Judged you--
Okay. Do you feel better now?
Gail--
Dov, go!
(man)
J‘ That is more than I can do .l‘
J‘ In this mess of me and you .l‘
.l‘ I swear .l‘
.l‘ I didn't always mean to be so blue .l‘
.l‘ Troubles can go quickly .l‘
.l‘ When you're only picky when it counts,
you said J‘
.l‘ That I could never turn around .l‘
.l‘ Every thought is a secret .l‘
- .l‘ I can never turn around .l‘
- (whispers) Yes.
.l‘ I don't have to do a thing .l‘
Yes!
(sighs)
Hey.
You waiting for me?
I ran into your friend Swarek.
Yeah, and that's all we are--
just friends.
So are we talking again?
No.
You and l are done talking.
(man) J‘ I realized .l‘
.l‘ That I was only looking out for me .l‘
.l‘ Instead of getting you the help you need .l‘
.l‘ Oh, who do you think you are? .l‘
.l‘ Who do I think I am? .l‘
.l‘ Barely listening .l‘
.l‘ To my own best .l‘
.l‘ My own best friend .l‘